c:\users\rebecca.hill\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\IMDB\IMDB\bin\IMDB.dll.config
c:\users\rebecca.hill\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\IMDB\IMDB\bin\IMDB.dll
c:\users\rebecca.hill\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\IMDB\IMDB\bin\IMDB.pdb
c:\users\rebecca.hill\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\IMDB\IMDB\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
c:\users\rebecca.hill\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\IMDB\IMDB\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\rebecca.hill\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\IMDB\IMDB\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\rebecca.hill\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\IMDB\IMDB\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\rebecca.hill\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\IMDB\IMDB\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\rebecca.hill\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\IMDB\IMDB\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
c:\users\rebecca.hill\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\IMDB\IMDB\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\rebecca.hill\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\IMDB\IMDB\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\rebecca.hill\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\IMDB\IMDB\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\rebecca.hill\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\IMDB\IMDB\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\rebecca.hill\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\IMDB\IMDB\bin\WebGrease.dll
c:\users\rebecca.hill\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\IMDB\IMDB\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\rebecca.hill\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\IMDB\IMDB\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\rebecca.hill\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\IMDB\IMDB\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
c:\users\rebecca.hill\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\IMDB\IMDB\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\rebecca.hill\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\IMDB\IMDB\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\rebecca.hill\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\IMDB\IMDB\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\rebecca.hill\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\IMDB\IMDB\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\rebecca.hill\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\IMDB\IMDB\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\rebecca.hill\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\IMDB\IMDB\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
c:\users\rebecca.hill\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\IMDB\IMDB\obj\Debug\IMDB.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\rebecca.hill\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\IMDB\IMDB\obj\Debug\IMDB.dll
c:\users\rebecca.hill\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\IMDB\IMDB\obj\Debug\IMDB.pdb
c:\users\rebecca.hill\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\IMDB\IMDB\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\rebecca.hill\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\IMDB\IMDB\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\rebecca.hill\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\IMDB\IMDB\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\rebecca.hill\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\IMDB\IMDB\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\users\rebecca.hill\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\IMDB\IMDB\obj\Debug\IMDB.Migrations.InitialCreate.resources
c:\users\rebecca.hill\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\IMDB\IMDB\obj\Debug\IMDB.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\rebecca.hill\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\IMDB\IMDB\obj\Debug\IMDB.Migrations.AddActors.resources
c:\users\rebecca.hill\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\IMDB\IMDB\obj\Debug\IMDB.Migrations.AddActors2.resources
c:\users\rebecca.hill\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\IMDB\IMDB\obj\Debug\IMDB.Migrations.AddActors3.resources
C:\Users\rebecca.hill\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\IMDB\IMDB\obj\Debug\IMDB.Migrations.AddActors4.resources
C:\Users\rebecca.hill\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\IMDB\IMDB\obj\Debug\IMDB.Migrations.AddActors1.resources
C:\Users\rebecca.hill\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\IMDB\IMDB\obj\Debug\IMDB.Migrations.AddActors6.resources
C:\Users\rebecca.hill\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\IMDB\IMDB\obj\Debug\IMDB.Migrations.AddActors7.resources
C:\Users\rebecca.hill\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\IMDB\IMDB\obj\Debug\IMDB.Migrations.AddActors71.resources
